Add hydrostatic column benchmark validation (#7)
cb-geo/mpm-doc: user/validation/explicit/column-collapse.md

# Column Collapse

## Hydrostatic Analytical Solution

> Given the material points cannot move horizontally, the hydrostatic column collapse problem should yield hydrostatic condition. We expect no deviatoric stress component in hydrostatic condition and thus Bingham fluid model will give the same pressure for all normal stress directions ($\sigma_{xx}, \sigma_{yy}, \sigma_{zz}$).

Reviewer: do `$$` for individuals sigmas. $\sigma_{xx}$

> Given the material points cannot move horizontally, the hydrostatic column collapse problem should yield hydrostatic condition. We expect no deviatoric stress component in hydrostatic condition and thus Bingham fluid model will give the same pressure for all normal stress directions ($\sigma_{xx}, \sigma_{yy}, \sigma_{zz}$).

Reviewer: The hydrostatic validation involves applying gravity loading to a column of fluid restrained in both lateral directions and along the bottom plane. The Bingham fluid model will yield hydrostatic pressures for all normal stress directions ($\sigma_{xx}$, $\sigma_{yy}$, $\sigma_{zz}$).
```suggestion
Given the material points cannot move horizontally, the hydrostatic column collapse problem should yield hydrostatic condition. We expect no deviatoric stress component in hydrostatic condition and thus Bingham fluid model will give the same pressure for all normal stress directions ($\sigma_{xx}, \sigma_{yy}, \sigma_{zz}$).
```

> ![column collapse](columncollapse.png)

Reviewer: You haven't added the image?

> ![column collapse](columncollapse.png)

Reviewer: Rename to hydrostatic condition

> *Figure illustrating the hydrostatic column collapse. w = 0.2 m and h = 0.1 m. All three sides (left, bottom and right) are normally fixed*

Reviewer: remove `collapse`

> *Figure illustrating the hydrostatic column collapse. w = 0.2 m and h = 0.1 m. All three sides (left, bottom and right) are normally fixed*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Hydrostatic column with a width `w` of 0.2 m and height `h` of 0.1 m. Restrained in both the lateral directions and along the bottom plane.
```

## MPM configuration

### Mesh

|Cell dimensions	| value		|
|-----------------------|---------------|
|x-length 		| 0.01 $m$ 	|
|y-length 		| 0.01 $m$ 	|

### Particles

|Particle spacings	| value		|
|-----------------------|---------------|
|x-spacing 		| 0.002 $m$ 	|
|y-spacing 		| 0.002 $m$ 	|
|Particles per cell |  25  |

### Analysis

|Description		| value		|
|-----------------------|---------------|

> |Total analysis time 	| 0.1 s		|

Reviewer: What's the `dt`?

|Gravity		| -9.81 $m/s^2$		|

### Material

|Description		| value		|
|-----------------------|---------------|

> |Material	                          | Newtonian |

Reviewer: You say Bingham at the top, here you say Newtonian, could you please make it consistent.

|Density ($\rho$) 		              | 1800.0 $kg/m^3$ |
|Young's modulus ($E$)	              | 1000000 $N/m^2$	|
|Viscosity ($\mu$)                    |  0.0     |

## Hydrostatic Analysis

Analysis are carried out using MPM Explicit USF and USL algorithms.

> ### Cases

Reviewer: Remove this and use it directly on the table

Case I: Velocity update
Case II: Acceleration update

## Results
### USF Results at 0.1s

| Parameter				| Analytical	| Case I	| Case II 	|
|---------------------------------------|---------------|---------------|---------------|

> |$\sigma_{yy} (N/m^2)$			| -1730.484		| -1680.244	|  |

Reviewer: Why doesn't it match? the analytical and expected results?

Author: This one I am still figuring out. Let me run other models as well, like linear elastic to see...
